Did a very small mistake.
Instead of zero zero, they should be 0g8.
So let me really dig in.
Yeah.
Not very good.
Zero 420.
I hope that's very clear.
Made in Italy.
I in 000.
It was a tiny mistake.
Yeah.
Now, this solution is perfect.
So if you want me, I can bring the table as well.
Let's bring the table.
We copy this.
And.
I mean this out, we'll just simply say CO2.
Give some space.
And start this.
But will the summit strategy do?
And.
Who did?
What is the value of an okay hybrid?
One more mistake.
And this is a serious mistake.
Yeah.
So it got deleted maybe, or something.
And I just.
I'm just taking to someone, and here you can see that.
This will be very similar to the one that we had there, donated 10101111 and 010 and 118.
So this is going to continue.
That's right.
Whether it will.
Yeah.
Pardon me for this input and this small.
Right.
Both are not logical errors.
So.
Yeah.
So what about.
Well, this is about it.
This problem was about optimizing the memory complexity.
Here you can see guys that what's a memory that I'm taking it is and plus run into some pleasant physically
and into some.
But.
Do we actually need an into some memory for all of this?
Our time complexities also enter into some very.
So what we will do is we'll just see that for a particular cell, what all values are, values that
you can easily see for any isomers using are you minus one G, which is just the above one.
And this again is a B idea.
Second is, I mean, as one day might say, that means this is also in the above only aid.
That means or enero.
I'm just using the.
I'm not using the rule above the above rule.
That means.
I'm not using I minus two 0488 I'm not using I'm minus two I'm not using I minus three I'm not using.
I mean, basically when I was feeling this particular rule, which is let's say for Road Forward, I
only used three the values which were in road three because it did x minus one, an x minus.
I did not use the values which are in row two.
Did not use the values which are one.
Zero.
It means what I need.
I just need the through.
Values.
So why am I keeping this huge?
Eight.
Firstly, let me tell you the purpose of me expanding on the memory, complexity, legacy and as it
was to bend is to diversify.
Cool.
And let's see.
The summit equals to end is to the power.
Well, then in sum, are this What will be the time complexity of the solution?
Ambiguity will remain seen.
It is an interim which is end is to the power and I am just having some calculations or does this display
it space complexity here because complexity will be an interim if I don't optimised it, which is stand
is too boring.
But let's see if I optimize this space complexity.
Optimize this complexity.
Then MySpace.com declared eliminating.
I'm just keeping two rows eight if I'm calculating the current drive on the previous road.
And the current rules calculated, I'll make it equal to the previous row.
And then again.
Well.
So.
So we just need to do it right.
And and I quoted it very clear to you also.
It isn't a thing we're doing to him, which is doing the same.
It's the they the him is.
Go ahead.
What is the total space complexity now?
We have it is 205.
It is visible.
So if I try to call the normal approach.
My local PC will give me a memory limit, exceed family memory limit accidentally.
It cannot initialize this big memory to the tag.
Or what is it?
A.
If I try to optimize this space in space and then build it, then as you can see, guys.
The program will run.
Of course, the program will run for like ten, 20 seconds.
It depends on your compiler.
It is also a huge complex Dennis report and it will do so many iterations, but at least it will run
it.
I read it was not running because of Emily, but now at least it will run and give me a month.
Eight.
You can always optimize space complexity.
Let me quickly.
Put it.
Escorted by optimizing the base.
Okay.
I'm telling you all of this because all of this space, time and optimizing your time, all these things
are applicable to the other two GDP problems, other three GDP problem that.
I won't be repeating or like, you know, tracing back.
I won't be repeating all of this for all the problems.
Well, and I will not repeat all of this for all the problems that it's your duty to try to, you know,
try to optimize this piece or piece back the answers if you are curious enough.
What's the answer?
So it's not repeated.
It's in the.
So.
Well, let's not remove this.
What we can do is.
And this is also fine.
It's removed from here.
Yeah.
Let's change it in this code.
Only though we want just to be.
Right.
And this is the bullying tree.
Yeah.
You know, to take a vector and by taking a vector to actually become that easy.
Because you can always.
In these days of.
But.
Let me tell you one, one, one more.
So let me give you one more surprise.
You don't even need this to go down this to the par five.
And just pause that we didn't think about it, that you don't need to do this.
Need one.
But just think about it.
One why you need only one room.
What if you overwrite the data in the same row again?
I'm saying override because we know.
Let's see if I have two rows.
Five, two rows.
And.
Or calculating this.
I'm using this.
So why am I calculating it?
The video, Vinod, I just overwrite it over here because I want this.
It's already there.
And I want something previous to this, which is.
I don't need the down low, I just need one row.
And I can always override values in it because whatever I need is already in that room.
It's already capped there.
And the other part is I'm a bit on the left of it.
Okay.
So we'll solve this by using one rule in the next video.
Right now, let's just focus on euros.
But have you ever understood.
Repositories to DP zero two.
The first row is filled with falls.
I would start from zero feet.
Now.
What will happen now?
What will happen?
So basically the pecking order I'm feeling is kind of be which is deep.
I Yeah, true.
I get through eight so I'm feeling the air through is that control for my this euros is the second I'm
filling by using the first row.
So the first row will be zero zero liquidated.
A straw deep zero.
Here is sick in.
Is deep fun to be able to do those.
And what I do here is I do nothing.
But I just see that DP.
One.
Day eight is equal to BP zero day in April.
And if.
Yeah.
What was the second one?
Let me try to do.
BP one is already close to a p e role.
A-minus E.
So if a minus A is greater than equal to zero, then.
I hope this is clear.
What's happening?
You know, it's failed.
I'm building one.
Now what will happen?
This gym will finish.
That means the first row has been filled.
Now this first row should become the zero through.
But now, again, the row will fill because I will move ahead.
It's I go straight to what I exist for.
When I go straight to.
Then I'm again filling the second row by using the first row.
So much row should have the same value as the second row after this finishes.
Basically it is.
I'm actually copying second row into the first row so you can use mem copy also.
But.
I'm just using this.
Is it all?
To some, I just simply say zero is equal to DP one.
Is it clear, guys?
This is nothing but.
Poppy.
Must go to the classroom or.
Next I calculation, one extra calculation.
So for any rule, for any I rule, we always had the first row fill and it will keep.
And finally.
We can print now.
We can not print all the rules, but we can.
But in defining on it.
Justice, ipsum.
And we can also optimise it further to that later in next video and.
Yeah.
Oh, I hope.
Okay.
I think this again something we.
It's not a B and some it is DP one some aid because they're trying to do this and then it.
They're only two rows and not Andrew's.
Yeah.
So.
This is it.
And the answer is, well, let's take for 22.
Also, I don't know me and my.
And I also don't you know, watch the.
I hope this is clear and it's very easy to understand as well that we are just using two rows in the
next video or we lose.
We'll use just one.
You just.
You will have just one room and the English.
Well, I see the next part.